Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Mm.
Hey. Teddy.
Um. I know it's been a while.
but I. uh. just wanted
to check in with you
and see how you're doing.
I know this isn't getting
any easier.
It's starting to feel like
we're in the deep end
trying to find each other.
and we're just drowning.
Every day
we're deeper and deeper.
And I just miss you.
I miss you so much.
And I wish you were right here
sitting right next to me.
Right next to me.
Y-Yes. I understand.
We're working on it. yes.
I know a data breach
is the last thing
we need right now.
No. I understand.
Yes. sir.
It's very clear. yes.
I'm checking it right now.
Take a deep breath in
through your nose
and out through your mouth
at your own pace.
Take another one
just like that.
In through the nose.
Fill up your belly.
And out through your mouth.
Let it all out.
Inhale...
...and exhale.
Let it all out.
Out.
Continue breathing
through your nose.
And with each exhale...
...relax your body.
I wish you were right
here sitting right next to me.
Can I help you?
Oh. you are here.
Uh. uh. what's this about?
Oh. well.
we're just. uh. here
in the neighborhood.
trying to save homeowners
some money on their power bill.
Oh. right.
Um. okay.
We've been
to every house on the block.
and. uh...
looks like you... are up next.
Well. sir...
we'd love to come on in there
and explain
all these crazy charges
you've been seeing on your--
I-I'm okay actually.
You sure?
Yeah. No. thank you.
Oh. you don't want
to save any money?
We can just do it real quick.
I'll come in there and we can--
we can go over--
I-I'm not the homeowner.
I'm sorry.
Well. any idea
when they'll be back?
I don't know.
Okay.
No worries at all.
I-I guess we will come
back another time.
I miss you.
I just miss you...
Right next to me.
I miss you so much.
No. No. no. no!
Stop! Stop!
Why are you doing this?
Please!
Motherfucker!
Oh. fuck!
Fuckin'...
Fuck!
Goddamn it!
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. No!
Shit.
Regular.
Fuck!
Okay.
Now...
All right. Uh...
Uh...
Uh... uh...
Oh!
Oh! Okay.
Shit.
Fuckin' nose.
This one's really tricky.
He broke my fuckin' nose.
Gotta go.
Gotta go. baby.
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
No! No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no!
Welcome to Rogger's Car Wash.
Please select your wash
and enter form of payment.
Your code is invalid.
Please try again.
Welcome to Rogger's Car Wash...
She keeps saying that.
Happens every time.
Look. I-I keep putting
the money and I don't--
Is there like a button that I
have to press or something?
'Cause I've been here for...
like. four minutes.
All right. there she goes.
Thought I'd be here all night.
What are you doing?
Get the fuck off my car!
Oh. my God!
Stop!
Get the fuck off!
Hey!
What the fuck
do you want from me?
I just want my shit back.
What the fuck do you want?
Please.
Come on!
I don't even know you.
Oh. yeah. you do.
What?
Look at me.
You know me.
You know me!
Look at me!
Please.
Fuck you up. Let's go!
Come on!
Hello.
I can't do this anymore.
Please.
I don't know
what you want from me.
Please.
Oh. you know what I want.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Okay.
No. wait!
Please. Tell me what's going on.
That's why you're here. not me.
Wait! Please.
I-I don't know.
Now just cut the shit. man.
-What is this?
-That's enough.
Now. look...
uh. I got
all the time in the world.
All right? But. but you. well...
Eventually. you're gonna
need some water.
Don't do this.
Please.
Wait. Wait!
Please!
Please. man.
What do you want from me?
Hmm.
Oh. How rude of me.
I seem to have forgotten
to give you the tour.
It's not quite
as pretty as yours.
but it's a nice little getaway
when it's too cold
to sleep in the car.
I'm sorry. Okay?
And...
what in the world
are you sorry for?
Whatever I did.
Just hungry.
And I need some water.
You're hungry?
Don't starve me out. Please.
Right.
You will starve.
Just like I did.
What's on the laptop?
Nothing.
It's for work.
There's nothing on it.
Please.
Okay.
I need some water.
Yeah.
Okay.
What the fuck are you doing?
Well.
maybe you could just...
slide me your log in.
You know. maybe I could.
I could share
my Netflix account with you.
That'd be fun. wouldn't it?
Do you know how long
it took me to find you?
You know. in Guantanamo Bay
it wasn't
the constant threat of death.
lack of food. starvation
that finally got
the prisoners to talk.
No.
It was the...
embarrassment of those
disgusting photos
the guards took.
Complete systematic
destruction of character.
That's what finally
got 'em to crack.
Yeah.
Now. are you sure
you wanna go down that route?
Now all you gotta do is
give me some answers. you know?
It's that simple.
Okay.
However you wanna play it.
Okay? It's up to you.
I'll be on standby.
Nighty night.
Hey. Teddy.
Um. I know it's been a while.
but I. uh. just wanted
to check in with you
and see how you're doing.
I know this isn't
getting any easier.
It's starting to feel like
we're in the deep end
trying to find each other.
and we're just drowning.
And I just miss you.
I miss you so much.
And I wish you were right here
sitting right next to me.
Right next to me.
Hey. Teddy.
Um. I know it's been a while.
but I. uh. just wanted
to check in with you
and see how you're doing.
I know this isn't
getting any easier.
It's starting to feel like
we're in the deep end
trying to find each other.
and we're just drowning.
And I just miss you.
I miss you so much.
I wish you were right here
sitting right next to me.
But I know that's not
possible anymore.
Because that Teddy...
...my Teddy... is gone.
And that's the Teddy
that I miss.
Right next to me.
I miss you so much.
Ah. Christ.
What the fuck did you do?
Clever little prick. aren't you?
What the hell are you doing?
This has ruined enough lives.
Stop!
Now either we work together
to crack it open.
or I'll go old school
and unlock it my way.
No.
Wait. Stop.
Teddy Brimsval.
That ring any bells for you?
No?
Oh! Come on.
Don't play games with me.
I don't know
who you're talking about.
Y-Y-You stole his house.
You ruined his life. and you
took everything he ever had.
You-- You don't--
You don't remember him?
You don't--
You don't remember?
I don't know who this person is.
He's standing
right in front of you.
You know. I--
I-- I-- I use-- I used to have
s-so much.
A. uh-- A life I felt lucky
to be a part of.
You know.
a partner who believed in me.
S-Support.
Support like you
wouldn't believe.
But you took that away from me.
It's a--
It's almost funny how quick
everything happened.
Did-- Didn't even take a day.
You know. one-- one moment.
I'm all in my element.
living my best life.
You know.
and then just like that!
All my accounts are drained
right down to the last drop.
It happened faster than I ever
could have even reported it.
I-- I didn't-- I didn't even
have a chance to. uh--
D-D-Did that get you off?
Ruining me like that?
Every time I--
I got an alert on my phone.
it was bad news.
It's just
one after another after--
It's just-- Ding.
the mortgage didn't go through.
What?
Huh? That--
Ding.
The bank didn't receive
my car payment.
Ding! My accounts are overdrawn.
D-Ding. The credit cards
are maxed out. I--
Ding.
Fucking ding. Fucking ding!
It was nonstop.
Then all my accounts
start shutting down.
And all my-- All my log-ins
have been changed.
I was like.
what the fuck is going on?
It was almost like someone.
they manually went in
and changed everything.
I never even had a chance.
A few-- few-- few weeks go by
and the car gets repo'd and--
Yeah. I get a--
get a notice from the HOA.
They're-- They're working
with the bank
to foreclose on the house.
They put it up for auction.
The only way off the hook
for all the bills
is file for bankruptcy.
My wife. she--
My--
Right next to me.
My fucking--
My fucking wife--
My wife. she-- she--
s-s-she blames--
she blames-- she blames me
for everything. I--
I--
She-- She--
She catches the first flight
back home. man.
She's--
She-- She's gone.
She's gone.
And the best part?
Uh--
I-I-I start--
I start getting calls
from Social Security office.
the feds.
I'm being investigated
for fraud.
Uh--
You see...
someone...
I think we know who...
...went into all my accounts
and cut me out.
Made me look like an impostor.
Trying to get them back.
It was like I got erased.
You took my whole life away.
And now. now every--
every-- every day
is just-- is just--
it's so f-f-fucking relentless.
It's like I gotta fight
what's up here. just--
just to convince myself
to keep going. I--
Yeah. You did that.
You-- You--
You stripped it all away.
My life.
It's gone.
And now it's your turn.
No. wait.
Wait.
I know all your secrets
are on there.
Every name.
your whole database.
Please...
don't do this.
I-I wish I could have said that
about three years ago.
That's enough of this bullshit.
Wait!
It wasn't personal.
Are you fucking serious?
Now you ruined me.
I-I haven't slept in a real bed
in three years.
It... wasn't personal?
I'm sorry.
C-Come on. man.
Just-- Just-- Just stop.
I never met one of you.
One of us?
God. g-give me a break.
Having to see you
face to face.
I'm sorry.
So that just--
It's gonna make all--
all this go away?
Because you-- you're sorry?
You don't understand.
We have to come
to an understanding now?
Yeah. well.
un-fucking-believable.
I'm not sorry for you.
Is that what you thought?
No. Uh-uh.
No. I'm sorry that now.
you get to feel
what it's like...
to be me.
What-- What are you--
What are you talking about?
You have no idea...
what someone like me
goes through every single day.
Someone like me
walks outside every day
and has to wonder
if they're a target.
Because of how I look.
Oh. shit.
We have to make sure
we don't end up a victim
every time we round the corner.
Just because
someone's waiting for us.
Someone like you.
Oh. h-hold on.
I might be
a complete piece of shit.
but I ain't a damn racist.
It doesn't matter.
Your people are.
They repress our culture...
make fun of the way we look.
and then use us as a scapegoat.
That has nothing to do with me.
How's that fair?
Fair?
Was it fair when you put us
in internment camps?
Okay. save it.
How about
when we got blamed
for the China virus?
Before that. it was SARS.
Okay. Save it. I--
Was it fair
when they killed my son?!
This shit's
never been fair. Teddy.
So that's what this is about?
That's what it's
always been about.
You have no fucking idea.
Every day...
I see things that will make
your fucking head spin.
I can't even
look at his picture.
I don't have it in me.
And for what?
They took him away from me
completely at random.
I have no one left.
I--
I'm sorry that happened to you.
But I-I didn't do that.
all right.
So-- So why me?
Someone has to pay.
Shit.
Why me?
You were
part of a data breach.
At a company that hired me
as a cyber security analyst.
And who caused that data breach?
Huh? Hmm?
That's what you do...
isn't it?
That's right.
You get hired to help...
these big companies.
with their high-tech
security defense systems.
Then a few years later...
they got no idea
who tears it all down.
That's you.
None of those companies
care about us.
We're invisible to them.
And that's why you
bleed 'em dry. hmm?
Just leveling the playing field.
Oh. even if innocent people
get in the way. right?
Yeah. They go down too.
Nobody's innocent.
Hmm.
What about your son?
Don't you fucking dare!
You know. it...
took me months after all this
to even begin
to understand
what I'd been through.
Wasn't until a bunch of stories
started to pop up
about data breaches...
that I...
began to put two
and two together.
Turns out there was a...
big jump
in cyber security cases
in my neck of the woods.
All the victims...
started to come forward.
And they all had
the same stories as me.
Mm-hmm.
They got erased.
Their entire identity...
...completely evaporated.
That's how I found you.
Huh.
I went from victim
to victim's house.
leaving air tags on practically
every car in the neighborhood.
But eventually.
I tracked the right car
to the right house.
I had to come pay you
a little visit.
I didn't even pick you.
You were just a random name.
All I had to do
was find your signature.
And then it was game over.
It was just
the luck of the draw.
Like how your people pick mine.
You were just
a faceless opportunity.
Faceless opportunity?
You look at me. motherfucker!
I'm right here. Hmm?
Yeah. in the real world.
you can't hide behind
your fucking keyboard!
Now you fuck with me.
I fuck with you.
No.
No. don't!
Do you know
how long I've been wondering
what I did to deserve this?
Huh?
Don't!
And now you're telling me
I didn't even earn it?
I-I'm so-- I'm some random.
faceless opportunity!
Fuck this!
I just miss you.
I miss you so much.
Okay.
Come on.
Motherfucker.
Whoo! Whoo.
No. No. Come on!
You think you can destroy
years on my work?
You think you can ruin me?
That's the game we're playing?
You fucking piece of shit.
Hey. Teddy.
Um. I know it's been a while.
but I. uh.
just wanted to
check in with you
and see how you're doing.
I miss you so much.
I wish you were right here
sitting right next to me.
But I know
that's not possible anymore.
Because that Teddy...
my Teddy... is gone.
And that's the Teddy
that I miss.
Not the one
that sleeps in his car...
tracking down the person
he blames for his life
going to shit
like some lunatic.
You've taken this way too far.
And that's not my Teddy.
I'm sorry.
Teddy. I-- I can't anymore.
I don't even know
why I'm calling you.
I just-- I-I wish
you'd just leave me alone.
I'm-- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I sw-switched them.
I... switched them.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
All-- All your secrets.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Y-Your hard drive.
You destroyed my hard drive.
Where the fuck is my hard drive?
With--
With your entire database.
What are you talking about?
They're-- They're
no longer faceless.
What the fuck did you do?
You stupid fuck!
This was supposed to end
with me and you.
What the fuck. man?
What the fuck is this?
They-- They're all
coming for you.
You only have one...
option left.
Run!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm